As we continue this lesson,
we'll be relying heavily on Frenet coordinates.
And as a reminder of how these work,
we can first look at the road in Cartesian coordinates,
where we imagine the road leaving on some rectangular X, Y grid.
And you can imagine that the more complex the road shape,
the harder our problem.
Think of how complicated both the X and Y behavior
would look like just to describe a car going along the lane.
If we were to compute that trajectory,
we would be pretty much be computing the shape of
the road whereas this information is already available.
So instead we use a Frenet coordinate system where the S coordinate depicts motion along
the road also called longitudinal motion
and the D coordinate gives side to side or lateral motion.
Before we move on, I want you to realize that
although we can simply take the center of a lane as a reference line,
we could also imagine using an actual nice and feasible trajectory
computed with an offline planning algorithm like A* or Hybrid A*.
And that trajectory would have been later smooth.
The benefit of this is that it would allow us to have
a nominal path that we know the vehicle should follow if possible,
like when the corresponding portion of the lane in front of us is empty.